README.md, before:

# synapse-docker-registry

CDK-based template for deploying the Synapse Docker registry


## Configuration

We use the [AWS Secrets Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/intro.html)

In dev the secret is named `registry-dev-DockerFargateStack/dev/ecs` and in the prod stack,
`registry-prod-DockerFargateStack/prod/ecs`

A secret is a collection of key-value pairs.  For this application there is just one pair.  The key should be `notification_auth` and the value is the
Base64 encoded "Basic auth" credentials which are a shared-secret with Synapse as the event notification recipient.

### Registry container
We use the open source Docker `registry`, available on DockerHub.  This container requires several configuration files to be mounted.
To achieve this cleanly, we embed the files into our own copy of the registry, published to GitHub as `ghcr.io/synapse-docker-registry`, making two versions under
two different tags, `dev` and `prod`, each with its own configuration.  Note that the configuration files we add contain no secrets.  The only required secret (the event listener
authorization credential) is inserted into the registry configuration file at the time the container is started up. (See /startup.sh.)

To build the container image manually during development:

```
openssl req -x509 -days 3650 -newkey rsa:2048 -sha256 \
-nodes -keyout privatekey.pem -out certificate.pem \
-subj "/C=US/ST=WA/L=Seattle/O=SageBionetworks/OU=IT/CN=www.synapse.org"

docker build --build-arg stack=dev .

```

### Missing Secrets

Each new environment (dev/staging/prod/etc..) requires adding secrets in AWS Secrets Manager.  If a
secret is not created for the environment you may get an error with the following stack trace:

```
Resource handler returned message: "Error occurred during operation 'ECS Deployment Circuit Breaker was triggered'." (RequestToken: d180e115-ba94-d8a2-acf9-abe17a3aaed9, HandlerErrorCode: GeneralServiceException)
    new BaseService (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/jsii-kernel-4PEWmj/node_modules/aws-cdk-lib/aws-ecs/lib/base/base-service.js:1:3583)
    \_ new FargateService (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/jsii-kernel-4PEWmj/node_modules/aws-cdk-lib/aws-ecs/lib/fargate/fargate-service.js:1:967)
    \_ new ApplicationLoadBalancedFargateService (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/jsii-kernel-4PEWmj/node_modules/aws-cdk-lib/aws-ecs-patterns/lib/fargate/application-load-balanced-fargate-service.js:1:2300)
    \_ Kernel._create (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/tmpqkmckdm2/lib/program.js:9964:29)
    \_ Kernel.create (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/tmpqkmckdm2/lib/program.js:9693:29)
    \_ KernelHost.processRequest (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/tmpqkmckdm2/lib/program.js:11544:36)
    \_ KernelHost.run (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/tmpqkmckdm2/lib/program.js:11504:22)
    \_ Immediate._onImmediate (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/tmpqkmckdm2/lib/program.js:11505:46)
    \_ processImmediate (node:internal/timers:464:21)
```


## Testing

### Static Analysis
As a pre-deployment step we syntatically validate the CDK json, yaml and
python files with [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com).

Please install pre-commit, once installed the file validations will
automatically run on every commit.  Alternatively you can manually
execute the validations by running `pre-commit run --all-files`.

### Python Tests
Tests are available in the tests folder. Execute the following to run tests:

```
python -m pytest tests/ -s -v
```

Commit message:

PLFM-8554: Build registry Docker image on-the-fly

README.md, after:

# synapse-docker-registry

CDK-based template for deploying the Synapse Docker registry


## Configuration

We use the [AWS Secrets Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/intro.html)

In dev the secret is named `registry-dev-DockerFargateStack/dev/ecs` and in the prod stack,
`registry-prod-DockerFargateStack/prod/ecs`

A secret is a collection of key-value pairs.  For this application there is just one pair.  The key should be `notification_auth` and the value is the
Base64 encoded "Basic auth" credentials which are a shared-secret with Synapse as the event notification recipient.

### Registry container
We use the open source Docker `registry`, available on DockerHub.  This container requires several configuration files to be mounted.
To achieve this cleanly, we embed the files into our own copy of the registry, created at synth' time, on the fly.

To build the container image manually during development:

```
openssl req -x509 -days 3650 -newkey rsa:2048 -sha256 \
-nodes -keyout privatekey.pem -out certificate.pem \
-subj "/C=US/ST=WA/L=Seattle/O=SageBionetworks/OU=IT/CN=www.synapse.org"

docker build --build-arg stack=dev .

```

Note that when deployed the container is behind a load balancer which uses its own certificate.  The self-signed-cert'
only serves to allow encryption of data in transit between the load balancer and the container, which is a HIPAA
security requirement.

### Missing Secrets

Each new environment (dev/staging/prod/etc..) requires adding secrets in AWS Secrets Manager.  If a
secret is not created for the environment you may get an error with the following stack trace:

```
Resource handler returned message: "Error occurred during operation 'ECS Deployment Circuit Breaker was triggered'." (RequestToken: d180e115-ba94-d8a2-acf9-abe17a3aaed9, HandlerErrorCode: GeneralServiceException)
    new BaseService (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/jsii-kernel-4PEWmj/node_modules/aws-cdk-lib/aws-ecs/lib/base/base-service.js:1:3583)
    \_ new FargateService (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/jsii-kernel-4PEWmj/node_modules/aws-cdk-lib/aws-ecs/lib/fargate/fargate-service.js:1:967)
    \_ new ApplicationLoadBalancedFargateService (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/jsii-kernel-4PEWmj/node_modules/aws-cdk-lib/aws-ecs-patterns/lib/fargate/application-load-balanced-fargate-service.js:1:2300)
    \_ Kernel._create (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/tmpqkmckdm2/lib/program.js:9964:29)
    \_ Kernel.create (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/tmpqkmckdm2/lib/program.js:9693:29)
    \_ KernelHost.processRequest (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/tmpqkmckdm2/lib/program.js:11544:36)
    \_ KernelHost.run (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/tmpqkmckdm2/lib/program.js:11504:22)
    \_ Immediate._onImmediate (/private/var/folders/qr/ztb40vmn2pncyh8jpsgfnrt40000gp/T/tmpqkmckdm2/lib/program.js:11505:46)
    \_ processImmediate (node:internal/timers:464:21)
```


## Testing

### Static Analysis
As a pre-deployment step we syntatically validate the CDK json, yaml and
python files with [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com).

Please install pre-commit, once installed the file validations will
automatically run on every commit.  Alternatively you can manually
execute the validations by running `pre-commit run --all-files`.

### Python Tests
Tests are available in the tests folder. Execute the following to run tests:

```
python -m pytest tests/ -s -v
```
